## Blog, 15.12.24
> [!NOTE]
> This is my first time blogging,
> so please ignore any formatting mistakes


### start of the blog

I'm currently sitting in the train, listening to some old 
nostalgic music and thinking about future projects. Currently, i am 
mainly focusing on two things: [An Archive & Launcher for old DDoS Scripts](https://github.com/Vxrtrauter/ddos-lib)
and a [Downloader & Launcher for Pirated Games.](https://github.com/KeksNino/PirateLauncher)
Both aren't finnished yet. I am currently mainly writing in Python,
and i don't know if i should stick to it rn or start learning something else. 
I feel like sticking to it a bit. Regarding future projects, i don't have too much on my mind. 
Maybe writing my own POD Script with many different attack options to choose from?
But what would that give me except a bit of experience? Nothing. 
I am also privately working on a Discord Bot for archiving files, one key-feature is Bulk-Downloading
specific files from GitHub and uploading them to Discord and GoFile, but i don't know if i'm
gonna publish that yet, since i'm focusing less on that one. 

I feel like making an iDDoS-Script as a next project would be a great step
into learning more about cybersecurity, but i first need to get myself a server 
which i can actually DDoS to test it then. One Device firing attacks also
won't be able to do a lot of damage, so i'm probably gonna build a small
network of "Bots" witb BYOB at first, and then integrate my "Payload" into it. 

I just got the idea of making an similar Program to HoneCTRL, which is a 
Windows Optimization Tool written entirely in Batch. I could write a similar Tool
in Python, and make it compatible to multiple Operating Systems. 

Cheers. 
