

I am currently having a break from work, sitting around a bit and digging in old files. In the past days and hours, i've been thinking abt future projects, and i've got some ideas. Back in school, i've done a couple things: I've downloaded a Python IDE onto my school iPad and downloaded some random POD-Tool written in python onto it. I then scanned the Devices listed in the netword and searched for my teachers laptop. When i finally found the local IP of his laptop, i started flooding it with TCP Packets, which lead to him not being able to access the internet for the duration of the attack anymore. As i remembered this story, i thought about creating a tool to "Attack" devices in the Local Network, mainly to troll people that live with you. There would be multiple attack types like TCP Packet flooding, ICMP Request Flooding, SYN Flooding, UDP Flooding etc.
I'm gonna use this Project to learn more about Networking, but it is gonna be open source so please do not exploit it in bad ways. Maybe i'll add stuff like HTTP flooding too to attack the router.'s website or something like that. Another thing i have lots of experience in is bypassing Family-Safety stuff like Time-limits and restrictions, but i don't know if it is really smart to make that knowledge public regarding the safety of children in the web. I've spent hours into digging how to bypass and disable stuff like that, without leaving obvious traces of it. Maybe i'll release it one day, maybe not. Gotta go back to work now. 

Cheers
